[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: Last call for
questions on destructuring.
Still got time, so we're gonna
try this out for a few minutes.
>> Speaker 2: What are the best
benefits of an array destructure?
>> Aaron Frost: Man,
that's a good question, okay.
So I've been meaning to talk about
the specific benefits that we get out of
each feature and I've been forgetting.
So I was like, I told them to
softball me the question if I forget.
So destructuring doesn't have
performance improvements, right?
Nothing that I just showed you is
something you can't already do.
Do you guys agree?
We've always been able to
do what I just showed you.
This is the sugar on top
of the syntax though.
It just makes it sweeter to see and
easier to code and
maintain and to just visualize.
That make sense?
So some of the things we've talked about
do have some performance impacts and
this may have some micro benefits, or
whatever the opposite of a benefit is.
But I think that they're
probably negligible.
So, yeah.
Do I like Diet Coke?
Dude, actually I hate Diet Coke,
I really do.
But it's the only diet drink he had.
And so, good question, though.
Anyone else, any questions?
>> Speaker 3: You said that the question
mark thing isn't implemented yet.
Is there any-
>> Aaron Frost: Is there any way you guys
can try this out,
is what you want to know.
>> Speaker 3: Now, also,
is there a timeline when?
>> Aaron Frost: No.
>> Speaker 3: Is there-
>> Aaron Frost: Geez.
>> Speaker 3: Next version of Chrome,
ten versions of Chrome from-
>> Aaron Frost: I have no idea, man.
Yeah, I didn't prepare this
presentation that well.
[LAUGH] I would've had to get
into Google's V8 bug log and
see where it's at and then everything and
I just didn't do that.
It's slowly trickling out.
When you get on to the compatibility list,
I mean, like I said earlier,
some of them say green but
it's really kind of only partial.
Like I told you earlier,
Firefox claims let's on this list but
it doesn't respect temporal dead zone.
And it still has statements and
expressions, which aren't a thing.
So it's like,
is that a real implementation?
Should it be green?
Should it be lighter green?
Can I use it if it's kind of implemented?
It's greenish.
Maybe some of these should be greenish,
and
destructuring is definitely one of those.
But if you guys wanna
try it out real quick.
So if we say var (name,
age, address) = person.
>> Aaron Frost: It didn't fail, okay?
So, okay, so
I wrote the chapter on destructuring,
that was one of the first ones I wrote and
when I say first,
I mean it was like two years ago, okay?
And the idea of patterns,
I didn't even have the word
pattern in the chapter.
It wasn't a thing that I
needed to teach people.
And it kind of came up later.
And then the idea of irrefutable patterns
versus refutable patterns was something
that came out later and I was like, okay,
so throw chapter away, rewrite chapter.
I had to kinda start over.
And so, these things are changing, and
this is obviously an implementation.
Firefox, or Mozilla, I should say,
probably built this when,
remember I told you we talked
about the ES4 ES3 stalemate?
So, Firefox, they didn't stop,
neither did Adobe.
They didn't just like well,
we're gonna sandbag our language.
They're over there implementing stuff,
right?
You guys can go to Mozilla's Bugzilla
instance and you can see code commits on
destructuring and generators,
clear back in 2006 and 07.
So they were working on this
stuff during those stalemates.
They were still forging ahead and
adding new features.
And it actually helped in the long run,
because now that they're having
conversations about well,
how should destructuring work,
they have some really valuable input,
because they've already implemented it.
And so like the destructure that
you're gonna see in Firefox,
or like this one that we see in Traceur,
they're not solid.
And they're working on them,
but it's tough.
It sucks, cuz some of the stuff
you can kind of play around with.
But we're still kind of cutting edge on
a lot of this where we're not gonna be
able to mess around with a lot of it, so.
But, again, destructuring is
mostly just the sugar on top of
things you could already
do in the language.
So good question.
Great, great, great, great question man.
So, okay, all right, do you guys wanna
to try it out for a few minutes?
Maybe try some destructuring
in a method signature.
Go ahead and call a method in destructure,
its return value.
See if anyone wants to try and destructure
like a canvas bitarray, sounds fun, right?
I'll try and do that while we're working.
But also, if you wanna read about them,
and the refutable matching, here's
two links that you can go to as well.
If you just go to the Harmony proposals
page, there's one called destructuring and
one called refutable matching.
And if you just go check those out,
that is what you will use.